Code	"License Type"	"Indicator Name"	"Long definition"	"Source"	"Topic"	"Periodicity"	"Aggregation method"	"Statistical concept and methodology"	"Development relevance"	"Limitations and exceptions"	"General comments"	"Notes from original source"	"Related indicators"	"License URL"
SH.DYN.NCOM.ZS	"CC BY-4.0"	"Mortality from CVD, cancer, diabetes or CRD between exact ages 30 and 70 (%)"	"Mortality from CVD, cancer, diabetes or CRD is the percent of 30-year-old-people who would die before their 70th birthday from any of cardiovascular disease, cancer, diabetes,  or chronic respiratory disease, assuming that s/he would experience current mortality rates at every age and s/he would not die from any other cause of death (e.g., injuries or HIV/AIDS)."	"World Health Organization, Global Health Observatory Data Repository (http://apps.who.int/ghodata/)."	"Health: Mortality"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	""	""	""	"This is the Sustainable Development Goal indicator 3.4.1 [https://unstats.un.org/sdgs/metadata/]."	""	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
SH.XPD.CHEX.GD.ZS	"CC BY-4.0"	"Current health expenditure (% of GDP)"	"Level of current health expenditure expressed as a percentage of GDP.  Estimates of current health expenditures include healthcare goods and services consumed during each year. This indicator does not include capital health expenditures such as buildings, machinery, IT and stocks of vaccines for emergency or outbreaks."	"World Health Organization Global Health Expenditure database (http://apps.who.int/nha/database)."	"Health: Health systems"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	"The health expenditure estimates have been prepared by the World Health Organization under the framework of the System of Health Accounts 2011 (SHA 2011).  The Health SHA 2011 tracks all health spending in a given country over a defined period of time regardless of the entity or institution that financed and managed that spending. It generates consistent and comprehensive data on health spending in a country, which in turn can contribute to evidence-based policy-making."	"Strengthening health financing is one objective of Sustainable Development Goal 3 (SDG target 3.c).  The levels and trends of health expenditure data identify key issues such as weaknesses and strengths and areas that need investment, for instance additional health facilities, better health information systems, or better trained human resources.  Health financing is also critical for reaching universal health coverage (UHC) defined as all people obtaining the quality health services they need without suffering financial hardship (SDG 3.8).  The data on out-of-pocket spending is a key indicator with regard to financial protection and hence of progress towards UHC."	""	""	"The World Health Organization (WHO) has revised health expenditure data using the new international classification for health expenditures in the revised System of Health Accounts (SHA 2011).  WHO’s Global Health Expenditure Database in this new version is the reference source for health expenditure for international comparison imbedded in a standardized framework.  The SHA 2011 clarifies the financing mechanisms and introduces new dimensions which improve the comparability of health expenditures in the perspective of universal health coverage."	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
SH.XPD.CHEX.PC.CD	"CC BY-4.0"	"Current health expenditure per capita (current US$)"	"Current expenditures on health per capita in current US dollars. Estimates of current health expenditures include healthcare goods and services consumed during each year."	"World Health Organization Global Health Expenditure database (http://apps.who.int/nha/database)."	"Health: Health systems"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	"The health expenditure estimates have been prepared by the World Health Organization under the framework of the System of Health Accounts 2011 (SHA 2011).  The Health SHA 2011 tracks all health spending in a given country over a defined period of time regardless of the entity or institution that financed and managed that spending. It generates consistent and comprehensive data on health spending in a country, which in turn can contribute to evidence-based policy-making."	"Strengthening health financing is one objective of Sustainable Development Goal 3 (SDG target 3.c).  The levels and trends of health expenditure data identify key issues such as weaknesses and strengths and areas that need investment, for instance additional health facilities, better health information systems, or better trained human resources.  Health financing is also critical for reaching universal health coverage (UHC) defined as all people obtaining the quality health services they need without suffering financial hardship (SDG 3.8).  The data on out-of-pocket spending is a key indicator with regard to financial protection and hence of progress towards UHC."	""	""	"The World Health Organization (WHO) has revised health expenditure data using the new international classification for health expenditures in the revised System of Health Accounts (SHA 2011).  WHO’s Global Health Expenditure Database in this new version is the reference source for health expenditure for international comparison imbedded in a standardized framework.  The SHA 2011 clarifies the financing mechanisms and introduces new dimensions which improve the comparability of health expenditures in the perspective of universal health coverage."	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
SH.XPD.CHEX.PP.CD	"CC BY-4.0"	"Current health expenditure per capita, PPP (current international $)"	"Current expenditures on health per capita expressed in international dollars at purchasing power parity (PPP time series based on ICP2011 PPP)."	"World Health Organization Global Health Expenditure database (http://apps.who.int/nha/database)."	"Health: Health systems"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	"The health expenditure estimates have been prepared by the World Health Organization under the framework of the System of Health Accounts 2011 (SHA 2011).  The Health SHA 2011 tracks all health spending in a given country over a defined period of time regardless of the entity or institution that financed and managed that spending. It generates consistent and comprehensive data on health spending in a country, which in turn can contribute to evidence-based policy-making."	"Strengthening health financing is one objective of Sustainable Development Goal 3 (SDG target 3.c).  The levels and trends of health expenditure data identify key issues such as weaknesses and strengths and areas that need investment, for instance additional health facilities, better health information systems, or better trained human resources.  Health financing is also critical for reaching universal health coverage (UHC) defined as all people obtaining the quality health services they need without suffering financial hardship (SDG 3.8).  The data on out-of-pocket spending is a key indicator with regard to financial protection and hence of progress towards UHC."	""	""	"The World Health Organization (WHO) has revised health expenditure data using the new international classification for health expenditures in the revised System of Health Accounts (SHA 2011).  WHO’s Global Health Expenditure Database in this new version is the reference source for health expenditure for international comparison imbedded in a standardized framework.  The SHA 2011 clarifies the financing mechanisms and introduces new dimensions which improve the comparability of health expenditures in the perspective of universal health coverage."	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
SH.XPD.OOPC.CH.ZS	"CC BY-4.0"	"Out-of-pocket expenditure (% of current health expenditure)"	"Share of out-of-pocket payments of total current health expenditures.  Out-of-pocket payments are spending on health directly out-of-pocket by households."	"World Health Organization Global Health Expenditure database (http://apps.who.int/nha/database)."	"Health: Health systems"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	"The health expenditure estimates have been prepared by the World Health Organization under the framework of the System of Health Accounts 2011 (SHA 2011).  The Health SHA 2011 tracks all health spending in a given country over a defined period of time regardless of the entity or institution that financed and managed that spending. It generates consistent and comprehensive data on health spending in a country, which in turn can contribute to evidence-based policy-making."	"Strengthening health financing is one objective of Sustainable Development Goal 3 (SDG target 3.c).  The levels and trends of health expenditure data identify key issues such as weaknesses and strengths and areas that need investment, for instance additional health facilities, better health information systems, or better trained human resources.  Health financing is also critical for reaching universal health coverage (UHC) defined as all people obtaining the quality health services they need without suffering financial hardship (SDG 3.8).  The data on out-of-pocket spending is a key indicator with regard to financial protection and hence of progress towards UHC."	""	""	"The World Health Organization (WHO) has revised health expenditure data using the new international classification for health expenditures in the revised System of Health Accounts (SHA 2011).  WHO’s Global Health Expenditure Database in this new version is the reference source for health expenditure for international comparison imbedded in a standardized framework.  The SHA 2011 clarifies the financing mechanisms and introduces new dimensions which improve the comparability of health expenditures in the perspective of universal health coverage."	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
NY.GDP.MKTP.CD	"CC BY-4.0"	"GDP (current US$)"	"GDP at purchaser's prices is the sum of gross value added by all resident producers in the economy plus any product taxes and minus any subsidies not included in the value of the products. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of fabricated assets or for depletion and degradation of natural resources. Data are in current U.S. dollars. Dollar figures for GDP are converted from domestic currencies using single year official exchange rates. For a few countries where the official exchange rate does not reflect the rate effectively applied to actual foreign exchange transactions, an alternative conversion factor is used."	"World Bank national accounts data, and OECD National Accounts data files."	"Economic Policy & Debt: National accounts: US$ at current prices: Aggregate indicators"	"Annual"	"Gap-filled total"	"Gross domestic product (GDP) represents the sum of value added by all its producers. Value added is the value of the gross output of producers less the value of intermediate goods and services consumed in production, before accounting for consumption of fixed capital in production. The United Nations System of National Accounts calls for value added to be valued at either basic prices (excluding net taxes on products) or producer prices (including net taxes on products paid by producers but excluding sales or value added taxes). Both valuations exclude transport charges that are invoiced separately by producers. Total GDP is measured at purchaser prices. Value added by industry is normally measured at basic prices."	""	"Gross domestic product (GDP), though widely tracked, may not always be the most relevant summary of aggregated economic performance for all economies, especially when production occurs at the expense of consuming capital stock.

While GDP estimates based on the production approach are generally more reliable than estimates compiled from the income or expenditure side, different countries use different definitions, methods, and reporting standards. World Bank staff review the quality of national accounts data and sometimes make adjustments to improve consistency with international guidelines. Nevertheless, significant discrepancies remain between international standards and actual practice. Many statistical offices, especially those in developing countries, face severe limitations in the resources, time, training, and budgets required to produce reliable and comprehensive series of national accounts statistics.

Among the difficulties faced by compilers of national accounts is the extent of unreported economic activity in the informal or secondary economy. In developing countries a large share of agricultural output is either not exchanged (because it is consumed within the household) or not exchanged for money."	""	""	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
NY.GDP.PCAP.CD	"CC BY-4.0"	"GDP per capita (current US$)"	"GDP per capita is gross domestic product divided by midyear population. GDP is the sum of gross value added by all resident producers in the economy plus any product taxes and minus any subsidies not included in the value of the products. It is calculated without making deductions for depreciation of fabricated assets or for depletion and degradation of natural resources. Data are in current U.S. dollars."	"World Bank national accounts data, and OECD National Accounts data files."	"Economic Policy & Debt: National accounts: US$ at current prices: Aggregate indicators"	"Annual"	"Weighted average"	"For more information, see the metadata for current U.S. dollar GDP (NY.GDP.MKTP.CD) and total population (SP.POP.TOTL)."	""	""	""	""	""	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
HD.HCI.OVRL	"CC BY-4.0"	"Human capital index (HCI) (scale 0-1)"	"The HCI calculates the contributions of health and education to worker productivity. The final index score ranges from zero to one and measures the productivity as a future worker of child born today relative to the benchmark of full health and complete education."	"World Bank staff calculations based on the methodology described in World Bank (2018). https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/handle/10986/30498"	"Public Sector: Policy & institutions"	""	""	""	""	""	""	""	"Please visit the Human Capital Index (HCI) database (http://databank.worldbank.org/data/source/human-capital-index) for each of the components of the Human Capital Index as well as for the overall index, disaggregated by gender."	"https://datacatalog.worldbank.org/public-licenses#cc-by"
